Mr. Holmes,the most extraordinary and tragic affair has occurred during the night. It is the most unheard-of business. We can only regard it as a special Providence that you should chance to be here at the time, for in all England you are the one man we need.
Perhaps I had best say a few words first,and then you can judge if you will listen to the details from Mr. Tregennis, or whether we should not hasten at once to the scene of this mysterious affair. 
I may explain, then, that our friend here spent last evening in the company of his two brothers, 
Owen and George, and of his sister Brenda, at their house of Tredannick Wartha, which is near the old stone cross upon the moor. 
He left them shortly after ten o'clock, playing cards round the dining-room table, in excellent health and spirits. 
This morning, being an early riser, he walked in that direction before breakfast and was overtaken by the carriage of Dr. Richards, who explained that he had just been sent for on a most urgent call to Tredannick Wartha. 
Mr. Mortimer Tregennis naturally went with him. When he arrived at Tredannick Wartha he found an extraordinary state of things. 
His two brothers and his sister were seated round the table exactly as he had left them, the cards still spread in front of them and the candles burned down to their sockets. 
The sister lay back stone-dead in her chair, while the two brothers sat on each side of her laughing, shouting, and singing, the senses stricken clean out of them. 
All three of them, the dead woman and the two demented men, retained upon their faces an expression of the utmost horror  a convulsion of terror which was dreadful to look upon. 
There was no sign of the presence of anyone in the house, except Mrs. Porter, the old cook and housekeeper, who declared that she had slept deeply and heard no sound during the night. 
Nothing had been stolen or disarranged, and there is absolutely no explanation of what the horror can be which has frightened a woman to death and two strong men out of their senses. 
There is the situation, 
Mr. Holmes, in a nutshell, and if you can help us to clear it up you will have done a great work.
No, Mr. Holmes. Mr. Tregennis brought back the account to the vicarage, and I at once hurried over with him to consult you.
About a mile inland.
The county police are utterly at fault,
but perhaps your wider experience has suggested some conceivable explanation. 
My only claim to being taken into your confidence is that during my many residences here I have come to know this family of Tregennis very well  indeed, upon my Cornish mother's side I could call them cousins  and their strange fate has naturally been a great shock to me. 
I may tell you that I had got as far as Plymouth upon my way to Africa, but the news reached me this morning, and I came straight back again to help in the inquiry.
I will take the next.
I tell you they were relatives.
Some of it, but the main part at the hotel.
No, sir; I had a telegram.
You are very inquisitive, Mr. Holmes.
I have no objection to telling you,
It was Mr. Roundhay, the vicar, who sent me the telegram which recalled me.
Perhaps you would not mind telling me if your suspicions point in any particular direction?
Then I have wasted my time and need not prolong my visit.
We are devil-ridden, Mr. Holmes! My poor parish is devil-ridden!
Satan himself is loose in it! We are given over into his hands!
Mr. Mortimer Tregennis died during the night, and with exactly the same symptoms as the rest of his family.
Yes, I can.