Shall I speak or you?
Ask what you like, Mr. Holmes,
Well, Mr. Holmes, I supped there, as the vicar has said, and my elder brother George proposed a game of whist afterwards. We sat down about nine o'clock. It was a quarter-past ten when I moved to go. I left them all round the table, as merry as could be.
Mrs. Porter had gone to bed, so I let myself out. I shut the hall door behind me. The window of the room in which they sat was closed, but the blind was not drawn down. 
There was no change in door or window this morning, nor any reason to think that any stranger had been to the house. 
Yet there they sat, driven clean mad with terror, and Brenda lying dead of fright, with her head hanging over the arm of the chair. I'll never get the sight of that room out of my mind so long as I live.
It's devilish, Mr. Holmes, devilish! It is not of this world. Something has come into that room which has dashed the light of reason from their minds. What human contrivance could do that?
That is so, Mr. Holmes, though the matter is past and done with. We were a family of tin-miners at Redruth, but we sold out our venture to a company, and so retired with enough to keep us. 
I won't deny that there was some feeling about the division of the money and it stood between us for a time, but it was all forgiven and forgotten, and we were the best of friends together.
There is nothing at all, sir.
Never better.
Nothing of the kind.
There is one thing occurs to me,
As we sat at the table my back was to the window, and my brother George, he being my partner at cards, was facing it. I saw him once look hard over my shoulder, so I turned round and looked also. 
The blind was up and the window shut, but I could just make out the bushes on the lawn, and it seemed to me for a moment that I saw something moving among them. I couldn't even say if it was man or animal, but I just thought there was something there. 
When I asked him what he was looking at, he told me that he had the same feeling. That is all that I can say.
No; the matter passed as unimportant.
None at all.
I am an early riser and generally take a walk before breakfast. This morning I had hardly started when the doctor in his carriage overtook me. 
He told me that old Mrs. Porter had sent a boy down with an urgent message. I sprang in beside him and we drove on. 
When we got there we looked into that dreadful room. The candles and the fire must have burned out hours before, and they had been sitting there in the dark until dawn had broken. 
The doctor said Brenda must have been dead at least six hours. There were no signs of violence. She just lay across the arm of the chair with that look on her face. 
George and Owen were singing snatches of songs and gibbering like two great apes. Oh, it was awful to see! I couldn't stand it, and the doctor was as white as a sheet. 
Indeed, he fell into a chair in a sort of faint, and we nearly had him on our hands as well.
My brothers!
They are taking them to Helston.
What are you going to do now, Mr. Holmes?
You sent for me, Mr. Holmes. I had your note about an hour ago, and I have come, though I really do not know why I should obey your summons.
I am at a loss to know, sir,
what you can have to speak about which affects me personally in a very intimate fashion.
that I have got into the way of being a law to myself. You would do well, Mr. Holmes, not to forget it, for I have no desire to do you an injury.
What do you mean?
If this is bluff upon your part, Mr. Holmes, you have chosen a bad man for your experiment. Let us have no more beating about the bush. What do you mean?
My defence?
My defence against what?
Upon my word, you are getting on,
Do all your successes depend upon this prodigious power of bluff?
I came back
How do you know that?
I saw no one.
I believe that you are the devil himself!
That is why I have done it,
